actually my wife Stacy has Howard
Stern's and this is fine because you
know she doesn't mind it has his
autograph tattooed on her ass because
she was in San Francisco when he did his
first book right she's standing in line
and she hit her actually her mom saw her
ass on a 6 o'clock news they had film
crews out there but she's standing in
line for like fucking four hours or
whatever and finally she got up there
she said fuck it just don't sign just
the book here so boom so he signed her
right ass cheek and then she went and
had it tattooed in so some of my most
enjoyable times have been spent thinking
about Howard Stern anyway uh
China China great country
lousy wrestler xpac I like Shawn most of
it wasn't his fault
Trevor Murdoch did not get the
opportunity he should have gotten heck
of a worker al snow head um
loved his work wasn't crazy about his
booking when he was working in OVW I
love ya but come on it was a little
funny
but you were doing sports entertainment
Alex right never met him do remember him
could not dance worth a shit but his
father was a great wrestler Steve Wright
the German there we go
disco inferno he legitimately if he was
and I'm come back to Danny ha Jeff disco
inferno ever gets anywhere near the
booking job of any wrestling promotion
please somebody shoot him legitimately
he wanted to do shit like The Invisible
Man and people from Mars and the evil
chiral architect named Bill ding and no
no no he's at first week I was laughing
and I thought he but then people said
and no he kept with it he's serious he
sports entertainment would look like
goddamn you know Marcus of Queensbury
boxing in the 1890s compared to what him
so I like the guy as a person but if he
ever gets anywhere near a book somebody
shoot him in the fucking head Danny
Hodge I will go back to it just say I
mean without doubt one of the all-time
greatest athletes that this country has
ever produced and not even taking
professional rest
into account if there was a UFC or a
Dana white in the 50s or there was Danny
Hodge in his prime today there'd be no
question who the biggest gate attraction
in all of combat sports would be in
Brock lesner would be screaming in the
streets for his mother that's how bad
Danny Hodge was and you can read his
book and I don't even sell it at Jim
Cornette calm I'm just saying